One approach to writing a good controller is to
first model the vehicle's dynamics and constraints.
That way, we can analyze and tune the controller more efficiently.
In this lesson, you'll learn about vehicle models.
The models describe mathematically how the vehicle moves,
some models being more realistic than others.
Typically, more realistic models are also more complex and more challenging to work with,
so there's always a trade-off to make.
You'll work with a relatively simple type of model, the kinematic model.
Kinematic models ignore many elements like gravity and tire forces,
but they're relatively simple to work with and they often perform well.
You'll also learn about dynamic models,
which capture more realistic forces and accelerations.